no one like you son all right
living the dream I'm all about there
yeah and was it easy to settle into a
role of being a lovable rogue uh it's
kind of you'd say sir
yeah um he's lovable which a hard to
play did someone say outstanding sir did
someone say a pay-rise no it was a is
good he's definitely a lot going on in
his mind Ethan he's quite sweet and he's
just trying to fit in and but he does
like to think of myself as a bit of a
big man but he's cool for me I'm you
know Jaden's a shy quite shy kid um he's
very respectful towards his parents I'll
tell you what son if you get into that
school you can do anything you want with
your life yeah apart from be able to
relate to girls he's funny he always are
he can always see the best in everyone
that was about he's dancing on it it's
mental if you see hasn't counts for a
lot
he has that absolute passion for dance
so yeah we both have some similarities
but also a few differences as well my
assistant Jenni oh well I think we'd
have any lines that were amusing yeah
listen your lives were definitely
amusing yeah you know yeah 30 I'll take
that
so I mean working with such great
comical actors really helped you know
and learned a lot from them just
watching them being in their presence
my dreams